docs: clarify axe.run options paramter does not modify rules or checks (#3015)
dequelabs/axe-core: doc/API.md

#### Parameters axe.run

- [`context`](#context-parameter): (optional) Defines the scope of the analysis - the part of the DOM that you would like to analyze. This will typically be the `document` or a specific selector such as class name, ID, selector, etc.

> - [`options`](#options-parameter): (optional) Set of options which temporarily changes how axe runs. This contrasts with `axe.configure`, which is more permanent.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
- [`options`](#options-parameter): (optional) Set of options that change how `axe.run` works, including what rules will run. To pass options to specific checks, use `axe.configure`.
```

Author: I like it.
